Meeting Minutes 2-17-26

Present: Aviel, Fabian, Manny, Tim, Luciano

Notes:
	Manny made most of the powerpoint slides
	Need to fill in details in slides
	Went over Rubric: 
		* Need to make Use Case Diagram
		* Waiting on prof about Luna
Currently working on:
	Fabian working on Log Out
	Aviel working on pages for scalability
	Manny will work on Use Case Diagram
	Everyone: make notes of what you want to include in slides and either add them or post them to chat


Next Meeting: 2/19/26 8pm to review before submission