Meeting Minutes 2/12/26 8pm

Present: Aviel, Tim, Luciano, Manny, Fabian, Julio

Agenda: 
What's working
What's not
What we can fix tonight for tomorrow
What we need feedback on from the prof/TA


What's working:
	Database has been done by Aviel and Julio
	API points
	Login
	Registration
	Contacts.html 
	register.js

What's not working:
	- Change email to usernames as a login broke some things
	- Registration
		- FIXED DURING MEETING
		- script file ref needed to be at the top
	- Login
		- FIXED DURING MEETING
		- login.html showed password in plaintext
		- login.js had several errors
		- login.php needed a minor tweaks

Need to do:
	- Javascript for contacts page (Tim has started) **HIGH PRIORITY**
	- User input validation (particularly for username)
	- Lighthouse accessibility reports


